OK, if something goes wrong
The king, etc
The fifth brother and the sixth brother have a deep relationship
There is absolutely no reason to harm the sixth brother
This king is willing to vouch for Princess Chu together with the fifth brother
Please also ask Concubine Lu to make Concubine Chu a minister in the restricted area
Want to hear it later
Lu Mufei
Save lives
Your Highness, as I said
If you don't cooperate well
I can't cure you
Yuan Qingling, you are enough
Why doesn't my son cooperate with you?
I can see that you are helpless
Now turn around and blame my son
The prince is discouraged and has no willpower
I can't cure you with the best medicine
You might as well tell me
Save wasting such a good medicine
White
How are you
Do you think you vomited medicine?
It's your own life
It doesn't matter. You don't care.
No one cares for you
You are under the wine spring
Wait for your mother's concubine, the white-haired person will send the black-haired person.
You shut up
Get out of here!